Rework initial scope (#44)
OR13/diem-draft-charter: diem-unified-charter.md

# Initial Scope

The DIEM WG will develop digital emblems that explicitly identify their bearer. It will also develop an initial DNS-based discovery mechanism.
In particular, the design of discovery mechanisms using proximity-based protocols such as QRCodes, NFC, or Bluetooth is out-of-scope.

> The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must allow for validators to remain undetectable as validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must allow for validators to be undetectable as validators.
```

Author: Already implemented.

> The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must allow for validators to remain undetectable as validators.

Author: ```suggestion
The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must allow for validators to be undetectable as validators.
```

> The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must be designed so that clients using them remain undetectable as such.

Author: ```suggestion
The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must be designed so that validators using them remain undetectable as such.
```

Reviewer 2: How about "The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must not preclude the use of means so that validators using them are not detectable as such"

Reviewer 2: And maybe delete "as such" :-)

> The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must be designed so that validators using them remain undetectable as such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: "The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must not preclude the use of means so that validators using them are not detectable"

Reviewer: I'm going to resolve the suggestion to delete this.

> The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must be designed so that validators using them remain undetectable as such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must allow for validators to remain undetectable as validators.
```

Author: > The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must allow for validators using them remaining undetectable as such.

Intent: Remove double negation.

# Initial Scope

> The DIEM WG will initially develop a discovery mechanism using the DNS, and digital emblems that explicitly identify their bearer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DIEM WG will develop digital emblems that explicitly identify their bearer. It will also develop an initial DNS-based discovery mechanism.
```

> The working group will initially develop a discovery mechanism using the DNS, and digital emblems that identify their bearer using domain names or implicitly.

Reviewer 3: Does discovery need to be limited to DNS?  Or could it be URL-based in general, with one of the options being DNS?

> The working group will initially develop a discovery mechanism using the DNS, and digital emblems that identify their bearer using domain names or implicitly.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The DIEM WG will initially develop a discovery mechanism using the DNS, and digital emblems that explicitly identify their bearer.
```

How about this ^^^ ?

Reviewer 4: I don't like the end of the sentence "or implicitly". What does that mean?

In particular, the design of discovery mechanisms using proximity-based protocols such as QRCodes, NFC, or Bluetooth is out-of-scope.
The discovery mechanism, presentation, and validation procedures must be designed so that clients using them remain undetectable as such.

The working group will not produce any standards track generic serialization formats. 
The working group will not produce any standards track extensions to the DNS. 
The working group will not develop novel security mechanisms, cryptographic primitives, or digital signature schemes. 

> The working group will ensure maximum reuse of work for use cases that cannot be addressed by the initial scope and ensure that existing standards are leveraged appropriately.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The DIEM WG will ensure maximum reuse of work for use cases that cannot be addressed by the initial scope and ensure that existing standards are leveraged appropriately.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The working group will ensure maximum reuse of work for use cases that cannot be addressed by the initial scope and ensure that existing standards are leveraged appropriately.
```
